PRINCE HYDRON: After the Brawlers destroyed the BT
System the bond between the Vexos started to crack.
PRINCE HYDRON: It started with Volt, but I showed him.
PRINCE HYDRON: He tried to drag me down with him, but
I wasn't going without a fight.
PRINCE HYDRON: I mean it! Right now! Let go! Let go!
VOLT: [scream, pain]
PRINCE HYDRON: Unfortunately for Volt he had to learn
the hard way that disobedience and betrayal
get you a one way ticket to the furthest
reaches of the dimension.
PRINCE HYDRON: No one turns their back on the
Vexos and gets away with it. No one!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
COMPUTER VOICE: Rate of synchronization of each
segment has dropped from 50% to 48%.
COMPUTER VOICE: Simulation Mode has been lost.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Blast!
ZENOHELD: More problems, Clay?
Should I be looking for a replacement for you?
PROFESSOR CLAY: No problems, sir.
We're very close to completion here...I beg of
you for a little more patience while we finalize
the analysis of the Battle Gear DNA.
PRINCE HYDRON: Oh please... such a slowpoke.
ZENOHELD: Enough stalling!
ZENOHELD: I want the Battle Brawlers destroyed!
PROFESSOR CLAY: [grunt] Yes, um, about the Brawlers sir...
ZENOHELD: Yes, what is it?
PROFESSOR CLAY: I have received intelligence that
says Spectra has joined forces with the Battle
Brawlers and that they have finished analyzing
the DNA code and the battle gear data.
ZENOHELD: What's that?
PROFESSOR CLAY: If we had this information at our
disposal, it would allow me to complete the
Alternative in a much shorter time.
ZENOHELD: I see. Mylene?
MYLENE: Sire?
ZENOHELD: You! Are to go forth and retrieve this data
that Professor Clay is talking about.
Return it to me or don't return at all.
MYLENE: As you command, sir.
[\u266a]
SHADOW PROVE: [chuckles]
LYNC: Hmmm.
[\u266a]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Payback.
DAN: A toast! To Drago's new Battle Gear.
ALL: Cheers!
DAN: I'm telling you Drago, that stuff is the coolest!
DAN: And we also owe...a really big thanks to Keith
DAN: And Marucho.
WILLDA: Mira's so happy.
NEMUS: Can you blame her? She finally has her brother back
and working along side of her.
RUNO: Dinner's ready you guys!
JULIE: If you're hungry, come and get it!
DAN: Whoa! Best day ever!
ZENOHELD: It's time to make all those involved
with the destruction of the BT System pay for
their crimes...
ZENOHELD: ...with the lethal powers of Professor
Clay's Alternative Weapons System.
MYLENE: Alternative?
ZENOHELD: When it's completed we will harness
enough power to destroy Vestal and Earth.
ZENOHELD: We'll be able to annihilate every living
thing that dares to oppose us. We will be unstoppable!
LYNC: If we destroy..Earth...
LYNC: I guess that ...that would mean...she's a goner.
[grunt]
LYNC: Man!
[\u266a]
LYNC: [gasp] So this is the data for Clay's
precious Alternative System.
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: Can I help you?
LYNC: Are you really going through with creating this
Alternative thing?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Of course I am.
LYNC: Even though it destroys entire worlds?
Don't you care about all the people you'll be
wiping out?
What about Mira and Keith?
LYNC: Level with me professor...
LYNC: You don't want to do this do you?
I mean what parent would put their kids in harm's way?
LYNC: You know, there is another option here.
A way out that Zenoheld would never know about.
You could build a self-destruct virus into
the System's software.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Are you saying I should commit treason?
LYNC: I'm just saying you have a chance to do the
right thing....I know you want to.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Let me give you a friendly piece
of advice, Lync.
If the King even suspects that you'll betray him,
what happened to Volt will look like child's play
compared to your fate.
LYNC: I'm kidding! Relax. [laughter]
Learn to take a joke, dude.
LYNC: [chuckle] He thinks I'm dumb. We'll see.
MYLENE: Lync!
LYNC: [gasp]
MYLENE: What do you think you are doing over here?
You should be getting ready to go.
We've been dispatched to fight the Brawlers.
LYNC: You didn't hear the update?
I've been re-assigned to help Professor Clay with his work.
MYLENE: What?
LYNC: Yeah, he needs help getting this Alternative
thing going and he specifically requested
me...How could I say 'no'?
MYLENE: Something stinks here.
MYLENE: Excuse me, Professor Clay but I...
PROFESSOR CLAY: What?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Someone's made an unauthorized copy
of the Alternative data.
MYLENE: What?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Lync!
MYLENE: [gasp] Oh no!
LYNC: To Earth, Moscow!
MYLENE: [gasp]
You brat!
MYLENE: King Zenoheld!
Lync is heading to Earth and I believe he has a
copy of the Alternative Data with him.
ZEONHELD What? Are you sure?
MYLENE: Positive. The transporter logs confirm it.
ZENOHELD: Hydron!
PRINCE HYDRON: Yes, Father.
ZENOHELD: If the Brawlers...get their hands
on that data...
PRINCE HYDRON: Enough said.
MYLENE: What a fool.
ALICE: [humming]
[eating, giggle]
LYNC: [inhale, sniff/smell] Heavenly...Not just
pretty...but also a good cook.
I wonder if I surprised her...
LYNC: ...for sure, it would totally blow her
mind to see me.
Okay, here goes.
I hope she still isn't mad at me, for lying to her.
Oh well... [gasp]
ALICE: You lied to me.
LYNC: On second thought, maybe I shouldn't...I bet
she is still mad.
PRINCE HYDRON: Well, well, well.
Fancy seeing you here, Lync.
PRINCE HYDRON: You get lost on your way to
Professor Clay's lab?
[\u266a]
LYNC: Yeah something...like that.
PRINCE HYDRON: You've been a naughty boy, Lync!
LYNC: I won't let you hurt Alice, Hydron!
PRINCE HYDRON: Lync...What were you thinking?
PRINCE HYDRON: I gave you a second chance after you
betrayed me and teamed up with, Spectra...but now
you've betrayed my father and that is unforgiveable...
Now hand over the Alternative data you stole.
LYNC: Sorry. Don't know what you're talking about.
PRINCE HYDRON: Your friend Volt made the mistake of
trying my patience you know.
LYNC: I'm serious. I don't know what you're talking about.
PRINCE HYDRON: Well just to be safe I'll eradicate
any trace of the data, by eradicating you.
LYNC: [gasp]
PRINCE HYDRON: Oh, I see.
You're acting like a fool because of that girl.
LYNC: You leave Alice alone!
PRINCE HYDRON: Huh. Alice is a very pretty name.
PRINCE HYDRON: It's a shame really.
PRINCE HYDRON: She'll be turned to dust like
everything else when the Alternative is finally finished.
LYNC: You're wrong.
PRINCE HYDRON: What?
LYNC: You're the one who'll be dust.
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Hmmmphh.
PRINCE HYDRON/LYNC: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
LYNC: Gate Card, open!
LYNC: Bakugan Brawl!
LYNC: Bakugan stand!
LYNC: Go, Ventus Aluze!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan stand!
PRINCE HYDRON: Rise Subterra Dryoid!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
[\u266a]
LYNC: Gate Card, open!
LYNC: Ventus Reactor!
[\u266a]
LYNC: [chuckles] Hah! Catch me if you can, Hydron.
PRINCE HYDRON: Here I come...Fusion Ability Activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Sho Dragon Fly!
LYNC: Ability activate!
LYNC: Sky Impact!
PRINCE HYDRON: You talk a big game, Lync, but your
skills are pretty weak you know.
PRINCE HYDRON: Even worse is you're too dumb to know
when you're out matched.
LYNC: Outmatched? Me? Hah! Wrong again.
LYNC: That may have been true at one time...
LYNC: ...but things have changed, pal!
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt, exertion]
LYNC: Do you see what I'm talking about?
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp]
LYNC: Pay close attention.
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Hydron Life force, 40%.
LYNC: This is the part where you run away with
your tail between your legs.
PRINCE HYDRON: [angry growl]
PRINCE HYDRON: I won't be chased away by scum like you!
LYNC: [chuckle]
PRINCE HYDRON: Gate Card, set!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan stand!
[\u266a]
LYNC: Bakugan Brawl!
LYNC: Bakugan stand!
[\u266a]
LYNC: Ability activate!
LYNC: Dora Cannon!
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
LYNC: Hit'em hard, Aluze!
PRINCE HYDRON: [angry growl]
[\u266a]
LYNC: [gasp] That was close.
LYNC: Gotta be careful not to destroy the home I'm
here trying to protect.
LYNC: Head for the sky, Aluze!
Up, up and away!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: You might think that bird's eye view
gives you the advantage, but it's just another
foolish move.
LYNC: [gasp]
PRINCE HYDRON: You see Lync, all you've done
is expose Aluze's weakness.
LYNC: What are you talking about?
PRINCE HYDRON: Well know, as you know, Aluze's
greatest strength is in aerial combat.
LYNC: No kidding. So what?
PRINCE HYDRON: When it comes to flying and aerial
maneuvers Aluze is unequaled.
He is a mechanical masterpiece.
PRINCE HYDRON: But what do you think would happen if
we took him out of his element?
And clipped his wings, so to speak.
LYNC: You would never do it!
PRINCE HYDRON: In a ground combat situation like
this, he'd be pretty much useless. A lame duck.
PRINCE HYDRON: Gate Card, open!
PRINCE HYDRON: Land Pressure!
LYNC: What? !
PRINCE HYDRON: Gravity is about to become his worst enemy.
[\u266a]
LYNC: [grunt]
PRINCE HYDRON: Gee, that one looked like
it really hurt, huh Lync?
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability, activate!
Sho Dragon Fly!
PRINCE HYDRON: Destroy them, Dryoid!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Lync Life force, 40%.
LYNC: Man!
PRINCE HYDRON: I told you before, kid.
You're punching above your weight class.
LYNC: We'll see. I'm not done yet.
PRINCE HYDRON: Hmmphh.
LYNC: Gate Card, set!
LYNC: Bakugan Brawl!
LYNC: Bakugan Stand!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: I like your fire, but it's no use, I'm afraid.
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Stand!
LYNC: Ability activate!
LYNC: Thunder Striper!
PRINCE HYDRON: Not so fast!
Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Dryoid!
Go for the underbelly!
LYNC: Ability activate!
LYNC: Drive Storm!
PRINCE HYDRON: Unreal. You never learn, do you.
Ability activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Mars Shield!
[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability, activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Sho, Dragon Fly!
LYNC: Oh No! Aluze!
LYNC: [grunt]
PRINCE HYDRON: [chuckles] What's wrong, Lync?
Tired of seeing your precious Aluze get dropped
like a sack of potatoes?
LYNC: I'm not giving up, okay.
This is bigger than you and me. Way bigger.
PRINCE HYDRON: What are you talking about?
LYNC: You see, a long time ago I was really mean to
someone who was nothing but nice to me.
And now I want to make it right.
PRINCE HYDRON: Make it right?
What do you care? You're Vexos, remember.
LYNC: Not anymore I'm not Hydron.
I can't do the things Zenoheld wants us to.
It's not right so it's time for me to move on.
LYNC: I think this is where I belong now.
PRINCE HYDRON: Belong here?
I've got news for you, Lync, you don't belong
anywhere because no one wants you.
Because you're a loser!
And no one wants to hang with a loser.
Least of all, a pretty girl like Alice.
LYNC: You sure you aren't talking about yourself, Hydron?
PRINCE HYDRON: What's that?
LYNC: Eliminating Volt, and then coming after me -
you only did that because you're desperate for your
father's approval.
PRINCE HYDRON: Be quiet!
You don't know anything so shut your loser mouth!
LYNC: Haha! Hit a nerve?
PRINCE HYDRON: Keep it up and you'll be sorry.
LYNC: Okay, we'll do it your way.
No more talking. Back to Brawling.
Ability activate!
LYNC: Mega Bind!
PRINCE HYDRON: Dryoid!
LYNC: He dodged it?
PRINCE HYDRON: Listen up, Lync.
If I can't leave the Vexos then why should you be allowed to?
I have no choice so neither do you!
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability, activate!
Geki Dust Barrier!
Retsu Lightning!
LYNC: Aw, no way!
PRINCE HYDRON: The only place you belong is on the
bottom of my shoe!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Lync Life force, zero.
LYNC: Ah man...I lost.
PRINCE HYDRON: Last chance.
Give me back the alternatice Data.
LYNC: [angry growl]
PRINCE HYDRON: Just kidding.
I don't really care about that anymore.
LYNC: [gasp]
PRINCE HYDRON: What I do care about
is...making you disappear.
LYNC: Whah? !
[\u266a]
LYNC: [exertion, struggling]
PRINCE HYDRON: Are you scared, Lync?
You should be.
LYNC: [angry growl]
PRINCE HYDRON: [chuckles]
LYNC: [exertion]
LYNC: I'm sorry I wasn't able to make
things right between us.
LYNC: [exertion]
PRINCE HYDRON: So long, Lync.
[evil laughter]
LYNC: [exertion]
PRINCE HYDRON: Hmmph. [evil laughter]
[\u266a]
ALICE: Delicious.
I need to find Grandfather so he can try some.
ALICE: [gasp]
ALICE: What happened here?
ALICE: What's this? [gasp]
ALICE: A memory card?
PRINCE HYDRON: The traitor Lync and his stolen copy
of the Alternative data have been disposed of.
Neither will cause us any more trouble.
ZENOHELD: I see.
ZENOHELD: Is that all?
PRINCE HYDRON: Huh?
ZENOHELD: What do you want?
A pat on the head?
Can't you see I'm busy here?
Get out of my sight and quit disturbing me.
HYDRON: [frustrated grunt under his breath]
DR. MICHAEL: Hmm? Alice?
Where exactly did you find this data?
ALICE: Hmmm. Why? What's wrong?
DR. MICHAEL: This is Vestal technology.
ALICE: [gasp]
That must mean that the destruction outside was
caused by a battle.
And this glove...
ALICE: ...must've belonged to...
DR. MICHAEL: Alice!
DR. MICHAEL: We have to contact Dan and the others
immediately.
They need to see this.
ALICE: Yes, of course.
KEITH: This is the raw data and blueprints for
Professor Clay's 'Alternative.'
DAN: Alternative? What's that Keith?
KEITH: It's a lethal weapon that can destroy
entire galaxies and the lives within.
DRAGO: You're kidding.
DAN: They must be making this thing right now.
BARON/ACE: [gasp]
MIRA: Father.
KEITH: How did you get this?
ALICE: Lync, left it behind for me to find.
KEITH: Lync?
ALICE: Yes, but I don't think he's...
KEITH: I see.
MARUCHO: This data suggests that it's unfinished...
MARUCHO: ...but they are definitely well on their way.
KEITH: [gasp]
RUNO: So then.
JULIE: We're still safe!
KEITH: Not for long.
RUNO/JULIE: Huh?
KEITH: It looks like in order to finish the
'Alternative'...
KEITH: ... they need the DNA code and battle gear
data that we have in our possession.
DAN: That means the Vexos will be coming for it, and
probably soon!
Is that right?
KEITH: That's correct.
DAN: Then we'll be waiting for them.
RUNO: Dan...
DAN: These guys just never learn, but we're ready.
What do you say, Drago?
DRAGO: I'm ready.
MARUCHO: We're all ready, Dan.
ACE: Yeah, with a knuckle sandwich!
KEITH: Losing is absolutely not an option, Dan.
DAN: Trust me, Keith. It never has been.
MYLENE: Shadow Prove and I were dispatched by King
Zenoheld to retrieve the Brawlers Battle Gear data.
We infiltrated their secret base but were
surprised when we were confronted by Spectra.
MYLENE: I don't see what the big fuss is.
He's even less impressive in person.
But now that he's a member of the Brawlers I have
even more of a reason to want to take him down.
And that's exactly what I plan on doing.
Finally! A chance to battle Spectra!
MYLENE: You'll need a ringside seat to catch all
the action in this one!
MYLENE: Let's go Macubass!
MYLENE: Bakugan Brawl!
MYLENE: Hold on tight!
[\u266a]